[00:05] Speaker 1: Nice.
[02:11] Speaker 1: Okay.
[02:43] Speaker 1: You've got mail.
[03:36] Speaker 1: Hi Robert. Hey,
[03:38] Dr. Xin Zhang: What's up Yeah, hi. Yeah, so how are we renting it. So the thing is for. So I read over your writing, which is kind of uh, it's aligned with
    what we have discussed. And one thing I have noticed is uh, them. For the current story, uh, It's kind of a little bit difficult to
    justify to justify that. Um we are only proposing trajectory planning because it's a combination combined strategy in terms of the.
[04:12] Dr. Xin Zhang: Editing and upweighting, So we kind of need kind of a more complete and more tailored story for in that case. So, What I have changed in
    terms of story is that we are doing a budgeted like um, or budget aware trajectory editing, where the claim is that we don't want to.
    Modifies too many data. Instead, We want to modify a portion of the data. And even though those portion of data won't have make a great
    impact on the raw data fairness itself, it is going to be impactful for the downstream models. And in a sense like only modifying or.
[05:09] Dr. Xin Zhang: Correcting a small portion of data won't have that like a like an impact. We just need to update it so that it's gonna make sense. And I
    read through your writing. And the reason why and your original novelty claim is kind of the trade off between um editing and the
    fidelity. I think that is a good point, but I think a more important problem that we want to solve is that, And that problem is
    distinguishing our pro our problem from other approaches, like the fair GAN or or other related works, is that we are looking at a
    systematic thing like um collective um fairness.
[06:02] Dr. Xin Zhang: When, we are looking the whole dataset, instead of like designing a more kind of fair model that won't discriminate, like for example, CV
    model that is gonna discriminate people of color, that type of thing. So we are kind of a different fairness perspective or metrics. I
    don't looks like what it What the global fairness looks like when we are editing those trajectories. And that naturally create the
    unique challenge that we have been trying to solve, Which is how can we modify a small portion of the trajectories to affect the global
    fairness. So I think that is the most.
[06:55] Dr. Xin Zhang: Distinctive part that would differentiate our approach with others.
[07:01] Speaker 3: Okay, okay, yeah, and that'sum very much in line with the intent that we have there. So, um, that's cool. Um I can definitely make sure that
    that's emphasized. Ah and the challenge with the current workflow I have is I'm. I am drafting the or working on the paper in my in a
    separate environment from Overleaf, Which doesn't give you access to the most up to date version that I am working on. Which and the
    trade off there is that I and the reasoning for that is because I have the context of the project, So I can make sure that things stay
    consistent with the implementation um and our results. Because I don't want to right kind of been.
[07:48] Speaker 3: Trying to avoid the situation where we kind of get into like an argumentative gymnastics where, the way we want to tell the story conflicts
    with what actually happened. Um. So I don't think I see anything uh here that that's gonna do that and I see in in the uh draft. Let me
    get it up here. So I have some specific stuff. Um, that's a little too big. I see some very helpful language that you Are highlighting,
    um, and I think I am looking at the yep wrong PDF. Oh, it got very small. That's why okay. So and what I kind of because I figured you
    were going to be working on the introduction like we talked about. So I didn't really spend much time in there. And there were some some
    difficulties or like some big holes that that I later came back and cleaned up that you haven't got a chance to see.
[08:47] Speaker 3: But one thing that I want to not do is, Is I want to work towards the finish line. Because at this point, we're on complete revision number
    three and I've drastically neglected other uh responsibilities that I have. So, I really want to get this done. Um, so, I am laser
    focused on uh making sure that the the requests that you uh outlined in your email are going to be fulfilled. So Um and I'll be noting
    the the emphasis that you've described here in our conversation, um so that will also be included, and. As far as like. The content what
    was the other thing I just forgot it um. So okay um yeah uh, as far as like the general like uh tone of the of the writing.
[09:46] Speaker 3: I I think this, the second version, which we're going to revise, is much easier to read. Um, so is that in line with what you're looking for
    And then follow up, We'll be talking about Figure One and and that because I see you have another Figure One.
[10:04] Dr. Xin Zhang: Uh, which version So the version two you mentioned, the one that you sent me like today, right Yeah,
[10:10] Speaker 3: Which and that one that I sent you today is. I mean, at this point, about twelve hours old. So it's been heavily revised since then,
    Especially through actually the all through introduction related work methodology and about ninety percent of the experiments. But one
    thing I want to avoid is because we're going to be restructuring it. I am basically just going to be ditching that. So, we don't
    necessarily need to I guess work on it because we're changing direction.
[10:42] Speaker 3: And I think we it's Friday, mid Friday right now or late Friday. We are going to be very close to the deadline by the time I am finished
    with it. So, um, I kind of would rather spend my time working towards that. Um, And I guess to give you something more concrete as far
    as decisions figure, one of your edit introduces a new like. Collective service disparity emerges from the aggregation. Do you want this
    figure one to be used in the new version?
[11:19] Dr. Xin Zhang: I think that is more clear.
[11:21] Speaker 3: Me too. Cool. Yeah, and it's very like obvious, I'll say. And the update that I sent you earlier, I think, I think it contains the figure,
    but actually it doesn't matter actually anymore so, U m. And just to be clear, what about figure two, because now we have two
    conflicting styles of figures.
[11:48] Speaker 1: So oh,
[11:56] Speaker 3: Yeah, you mentioned another figure in the thing. So maybe that's your answer. Let me check.
[12:04] Dr. Xin Zhang: So wait a sec. Let me look closely.
[12:55] Dr. Xin Zhang: So for the figure two, I'm looking into or looking at kind of a more framework or or procedure like thing.
[13:10] Speaker 3: Yeah, and the it might not be clear, but as far as like procedurally, This is the algorithm or the editing part of the algorithm, separating
    it from any kind of model evaluation or pass through to a model. Um, it works in three steps, Which the first step is it runs an
    attribution phase that basically selects the trajectories. Second phase is trim and third phase is lift. But we can still kind of merge
    those together. You know what I mean? Cause I see you have the two things.
[13:43] Dr. Xin Zhang: I think I think I think so major thing is that um yeah.
[13:56] Dr. Xin Zhang: I cannot see the.
[14:01] Speaker 3: The sequence.
[14:02] Dr. Xin Zhang: I can see, I cannot see what you want to convey from the figure itself. Okay, and I'll hear that. Yeah. The attribute locate the deficit,
    like what what makes the location happen? Where is a where is a locate?
[14:20] Speaker 3: Visually it's not really all that well described so, Locating the deficit is basically, and I guess it, the idea is that attribute locate
    the deficit. The what I would be hoping the audience would see is looking at the grid. We see advantaged district overserved,
    disadvantaged district underserved. So that locating who's overserved, who's underserved. And then in the second phase trim relocate
    excess picks up CC August.
[14:53] Dr. Xin Zhang: So in that sense, The first figure should be kind of original distribution without the cars and person and and without the cars. And the
    people in the map, without any color, and you color it. Right.
[15:10] Speaker 3: So okay. So you want like a I see okay.
[15:14] Dr. Xin Zhang: The uh where so is you know where's are the advantage? Where are the disadvantage part, right.
[15:20] Speaker 3: Well, and okay, And let's actually like I'm gonna get the figure up here, so we can be referring to the same thing. Grab that thing. Hold on
    a second. Got so many things going on. Okay, so, and I think if I'm hearing you right, you would prefer to see it like a non colored
    version first. Um, Because, the idea with locate is kind of like to show that there's an advantage district and there's a disadvantaged
    district. But it's not very clear that it's like a step, I guess. If I'm, I might be misunderstanding your suggestion.
[16:03] Dr. Xin Zhang: The thing is, you want to see attribution. You don't want to only show the attribution result and you say you attributed.
[16:11] Speaker 3: Okay, how do you think we could show that?
[16:13] Dr. Xin Zhang: We show, The difference, the procedure. We show that we have done attribution. We show what is its input or what is the original, what is
    the main difference that we have made.
[16:28] Speaker 3: Okay, I see.
[16:30] Dr. Xin Zhang: So so so yeah so so the thing is.
[16:36] Dr. Xin Zhang: So the attribution you mentioned is actually that we are able to identify that this region is orange. And this region is blue. Is that the
    attribution you want to mention?
[16:50] Speaker 3: Or specifically these over and underserved. That's the attribution because the attribution itself takes takes the fairness metric, and then
    it determines. What each trajectory's influence is on that fairness metric. And then we basically normalize that or z-score normalize
    that, uh, those individual scores and we get a positive and negative. And positive are considered overserved, negative are considered
    underserved. So if if the sign might make that helpful or more helpful or like some hard number.
[17:28] Dr. Xin Zhang: So essentially what are you attributing? So you are scoring, is attribution essentially scoring each trajectory? Yes. So in that sense, what
    you should show is that you have a bunch of trajectories. And from this bunch of trajectories, you are able to tell, okay, this
    trajectory is contributing to unfairness. This is contributing less to unfairness.
[17:57] Speaker 3: Cool. Yeah and my like, The the tension that I was kind of uh playing with there was um consistency in the visual because on the left side
    here, I think it's it's much clearer to have like some kind of image of a trajectory over here, right? Um so we could I don't indicate
    in some fashion trajectories over here. These ones are fair. These ones are not fair, right? Um but and what I was trying to go for was
    like a consistency between here. So the.
[18:30] Speaker 3: Message would go across, but I think if the message isn't getting across as it's not, um, And if it's not getting across in this small
    sample size of of you and me, it's probably not going to get across others too. Um. So, just to make sure that we get this right because
    time is of the essence right now. Um. I could potentially instead of using the little cars and the little stick figures Instead, replace
    these with just some kind of stylized version of a trajectory. And then have would you want the districts still to remain? Because one
    kind of important concept in the method is that the districts really play a big role in what makes a trajectory fair or not. So.
[19:27] Speaker 3: I think having.
[19:28] Dr. Xin Zhang: I think I think I think you are. You are like thinking it in it like, in a very complicated way. So the the thing is we want to. So it's
    kind of like a trade off so. One way is that we stick to what our implementation looks like and reflect our implementation. Like what
    you are trying to do or here. And, but when it's kind of we are explaining to people what we have done step by step, it's gonna be
    complicated to understand for the people. Instead, We want to abstract our approach in a way that we can put it into a more simple
    story.
[20:24] Dr. Xin Zhang: And in that sense, Some very complicated implementation details can be some tricks that we have used to make this approach work better. And
    that part could be put into the appendix. So I think the major skeleton of this approach is that what we do is we do attribution, right?
    We so from let's say 1000 trajectories, we are selecting Like 10 out of them or 100 out of them. 100 trajectories we have selected out
    of them. And with these 100 trajectories, we are doing the editing, right? And we are in terms of doing the editing, we are using the
    trim and the lift to to edit the trajectories. Okay. And did I miss anything?
[21:22] Speaker 3: No, I think that yeah, I hear you. Um, and just one kind of ambiguity there. I want to clear up. Mm hmm. Um so I get the abstraction thing,
    uh that's totally cool. We don't necessarily need to perfectly replicate the algorithm in in visuals. Uh that seems pretty hard,
    obviously, cause I mean, I might see it but who else is going to right? Um but the so in that abstraction, Do, we keep the same or do we
    even try to display it in the grid? Or.
[21:58] Dr. Xin Zhang: Because I No, necessarily. Okay. So. So when it comes, so as I have mentioned, likeum the framework picture Can, you go to the framework
    picture from what was that? Uh that's ST-iFGSM or the cGAIL, which our would work.
[22:19] Speaker 1: Uh okay yeah I think I have get to my code here. Of course, open in the other window. Oh, here we go.
[22:45] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yes, it's not a figure two is figure three. Oh, Yeah, as you can see. So from this figure, we know how they have what the solution framework
    looks like. So the input is a training data, training data from k drivers, right? And then and they give for their stage one, which is
    adversarial attacks to human models. So given the raw data, they are putting on attacks which are perturbations.
[23:18] Dr. Xin Zhang: To generate a perturbed dataset.
[23:21] Speaker 3: Yeah, so and I see your point. So instead of trying to, I guess visually represent the algorithm, just perform a sequence diagram exactly
    because this is essentially a sequence diagram.
[23:36] Dr. Xin Zhang: Is is kind of telling people, What is the input of this algorithm? What are the different stages of this algorithm and what is the output?
    So that is a framework figure.
[23:50] Speaker 3: Yes, exactly. Yeah, framework sequence. I think semantic is or semantics are all the same there. So we have like S one, We have an arrow
    coming down here to S two. And then you know basically or like this is T one, maybe a terminal or something. So we can do exactly that
    same thing and, Considering the reduction in complexity, there will probably even save a bunch of space or space too, which always comes
    in handy. Um. Okay, so. I.
[24:23] Dr. Xin Zhang: Think what you can do because so you can just ask Claude or GPT to generate a solution framework figure for you and try to like draw one
    based on that. Based on the the results from the large language models, and you can modify it accordingly. I think those those models
    are good at drawing kind of solution framework.
[24:54] Speaker 3: Yes, I agree. Um, and then additionally, so let me get this out of the way here. Okay. So where's the other one?
[25:09] Speaker 3: Oops. Okay. So this isn't the best view of this thing. Hope I'm in the drawing tool. Hang on a second here. Oh, wrong way, that'll work.
    Okay. Um. So I'm kind of a nitpicker as far as consistency goes, um, I think I definitely uh. I'm okay with jumping on board with this
    uh type of style. I think it works, Um, Do you have or do you know what kind of stack you used to create this visualization? Because I
    notice it's saved as a PNG file.
[25:45] Dr. Xin Zhang: So there's just a screenshot. It's just a keynote. I just use keynote to draw it and.
[25:53] Dr. Xin Zhang: Take Take a screenshot. So it doesn't matter like what tool you're using,
[25:57] Speaker 3: It does because if I, if I try to just screenshot this and throw it into Claude, it'll get close, But it'll have that uncanny ring (no
    change - "uncanny ring" is likely a mishearing of "uncanny valley" but keeping as is per instructions) where the styles don't exactly
    match up. So if you use the same tool, I can guarantee that it it arrives at the same style.
[26:14] Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
[26:17] Speaker 3: Cause I mean, I I definitely will be using AI to uh help me design this. Uh, but, it has a a tendency to be very very close.
[26:28] Dr. Xin Zhang: Uh i i think i think.
[26:32] Dr. Xin Zhang: The major point is that we need to make sure the figures are able to convey what we mean.
[26:44] Dr. Xin Zhang: In like easily understandable way. Because reviewers and other people, they have no idea what we are trying to do. So they may not be even
    domain experts, But they need to know what we we were trying to do. So that way, yeah, they can appreciate like what we have done.
[27:04] Speaker 3: My idea is just if I am going to spend time building a visualization, I might as well build the one that is going to end up looking correct.
    So that's the entire purpose of this. And I think that's as far as like creating quality work. I think it's important that consistency
    matters. Or I think it's clear that consistency does matter, and as a reviewer, I would not that it like matters as far as delivering
    the priority of the message because that's clearly what they're the purpose of the visual. But, it's one of those things that like
    changes how somebody thinks of a work. At least it does for me. Like if you know things are clearly AI generated and has that uncanny
    ring.
[27:49] Speaker 3: I think it leads to more scrutiny of other parts that we don't necessarily want to invite. You know, so but I'll uh, I'll see if I can
    replicate the stack. Depending on how that goes, I may find a tool that, I can just copy this design, Including icons, the whole thing
    and and just make it look look straight because it's basically.
[28:19] Speaker 3: I mean, maybe fifteen thirty minutes extra of my time, figuring out the, how that would work and then. Making sure everything works out
    great. Just wanna do a good job.
[28:36] Dr. Xin Zhang: Okay, I I think I think the the the okay. Okay.
[28:49] Speaker 3: So, on the. Oh, actually, I might have a better. You'll recognize this. Okay. So. The, this part definitely cool. I will be kind of packing
    everything and you're just packaging everything a little bit differently. Um, The one part that I I might foresee kind of some
    challenges is fitting this the exact section names.
[29:26] Dr. Xin Zhang: It doesn't have to be exact section name, But that's just trying to give you kind of idea about what each section is focusing on. Uh, yeah,
    you can you can like name it in like or different.
[29:39] Speaker 3: I mean like not necessarily section names, because names are. I mean that's that's all right. But as far as like the the fitting the, The
    work into these, uh, I guess logical blocks. Um, But I I think I I we can extend your or i. I think it's what you mean is it doesn't
    necessarily have to be exactly like this, but itemized? Or do you do you want them to be in this logical shape?
[30:07] Dr. Xin Zhang: Uh, Doesn't have to be to be because there is one one thing as what i'm thinking it should be written. And there is another thing about the
    input. When you are writing it, it will become dependencies. So you kind of adjust accordingly. The major idea is trying to align it
    with the challenges we have. So kind of each challenge is, matching one um one bullet point or one subsection or subsubsection.
[30:37] Speaker 3: Sweet, No problem I can do that. And just to get your vote on this, this most recent version.
[30:46] Speaker 3: This one to make it more explicit, what kind of challenges I like kind of went out and did this. Um, Do you want it to be that explicit as
    in we've actually defined specific challenges and then refer back to them?
[31:00] Dr. Xin Zhang: Uh, we don't we so that relates to kind of the overview writing. So one style if you, Go to the SIGL paper or the ST-iFGSM paper.
[31:23] Speaker 3: Oh, I lost it. Oh, that's not what I was looking for. It's hiding behind the Zoom. There we go.
[31:30] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, let me see. Could you scroll down for the overview? Scroll yeah, scroll down a little bit. Uh uh wait uh scroll up a little bit? So
    yeah at around the overview so, As an overview, as you can see that they are having the definitions and following problem. Problem that
    those definitions of necessary items has been used and then the problem definition. Then follows the challenges. We can define that C
    one, C two, C three over here by listing or re-listing.
[32:12] Dr. Xin Zhang: The challenges we have mentioned in the introduction. So in the introduction, we can like briefly tell what are the challenges without kind
    of itemizing them, and we can itemize them over here. Perfect. Yeah, and due to limited space, we don't need to kind of put them in this
    itemized like LaTeX environment. We can just stack them all together.
[32:41] Speaker 3: Perfect. Yep. All right, and let's see what other questions I had. One thing because it just popped out into my head. So as far as the oh,
    that's not the one shaped similarly. Okay, summarizing the pipeline again, I think I'm hearing a theme. This is just like you want it in
    this general shape, not necessarily these specific steps.
[33:12] Speaker 3: Exactly. Okay, cool. And.
[33:20] Dr. Xin Zhang: Those are all kinds of suggestions. A major thing is that when you are writing the methodology, You want to make sure that each methodology
    kind of have a same of solving one challenge. And at the same time, it's kind of in a logical order so people can follow along. Yes.
[33:41] Speaker 3: Yeah, and I the updated version um. That I just uh finished for, this methodology I think delivers that, um. But I'll make sure that the new
    structure. Uh, let me see it has that kind of logical kind of framework. Um. Now let me see actually introduce methods yeah.
[34:13] Dr. Xin Zhang: Okay. And also.
[34:16] Speaker 3: Yeah, So I think that sort of like because the problem definition, obviously is going to move out to the overview, yes, But it's I think the
    other aspects of it that sequential. Uh like yes, demonstration I think it's here. And the I did some recent updates or uh changes to
    this that. Make it drastically more, uh, easy to understand. I think so.
[34:45] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yes. So so let me see. So basically this section three point one is gonna move to overview. So if you scroll down a little bit, And then for
    over here, you're gonna start your section three, which is the methodology right? So before talking about each like be, for example,
    before talking about the fairness objective, you want to start with kind of leading. Paragraph telling people that we introduce this um
    fade approach, where um giving people kind of overview of what the framework looks like and refer people to this framework. Figure two,
    so people know what you are proposing, what you are trying to do. And then um introduce each each parts, each design part uh for within
    each subsections.
[35:35] Dr. Xin Zhang: So that way people will first know what you are trying to do, and then would be able to follow along.
[35:42] Speaker 3: Yes, I think we might be looking at a different version than I expected or something got reverted. But yes, I hear you loud and clear. Um,
    introduce overview first, Not necessarily overview, but introduce the high level uh view of the the approach and then go into specifics
    in sequential fashion. Mhm. Um, And naturally referencing the figure, And I could probably structure the figure similar to the argument,
    so it'll make sense. Okay, all right, let me see here. That's what you are just talking about here. Oh, surrogate that as far as the.
[36:28] Speaker 3: Fairness surrogate, just to make sure we're on the same page about that.
[36:31] Dr. Xin Zhang: It's a fairness objective that one you you're referring to. I'm just using my language. Good.
[36:37] Speaker 3: Yeah, do you want that language included?
[36:40] Dr. Xin Zhang: Not necessarily like you can just use whatever language that makes sense.
[36:45] Speaker 3: Okay, Because I want to like, do you have experience with KDD and I want to leverage that as much as possible. So Oh,
[36:50] Dr. Xin Zhang: I think in terms, I think it's mainly aboutum, It's mainly about the introduction, the style of the introduction. And when it comes to
    methodology, it's gonna be whatever makes sense for us. But when it's introduction, you don't want to lose audience because they don't
    understand the language. Right.
[37:09] Speaker 3: Yeah, And first version was definitely lose everybody like right from the beginning kind of thing. So and the introduction or uh uh with
    cause I don't, I just thought, as I was saying that maybe I don't need to bring up any specifics because it's going to change. So, so
    I'll try to, I'll try to have you a copy of this obviously as soon as possible. But considering the scope, it's probably going to be
    tomorrow night.
[37:48] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, no worries. Don't don't don't guess. Too too stressed out, So we can just submit whatever we have for now to the conference because
    it's usually the reviews. But even though it's a very good high quality work, it's gonna get bad reviews. So it's okay that we the
    current version is not perfect. We can like iterate through, so that is kind of a very high quality work. And finally like rec or.
[38:19] Dr. Xin Zhang: Being able to being able to be accepted somewhere, so don't feel so stressed out. Um, so it's okay that is is not perfect for this time. And
    uh. And yes and uh so, you can feel free to adjust some languages and um. Writing kind of reasonable. Way andum I think the deadline is
    on Sunday, On Sunday night, I'm gonna reach through, give it a final pass of the paper andum added where I feel correct, and then we can
    submit it on Sunday night, and we don't need to care worry too much about it anyways. Okay.
[39:11] Speaker 3: Alright, I think that's all I need from you. Okay.
[39:14] Dr. Xin Zhang: And for the experiment part, so let me see if it's good example. If you see ST or it doesn't, STF just. So when we are writing kind of
    experiments part, we usually start with kind of. In the experiment, What we want to show kind of having a leading paragraph telling
    people with what we want to show. Um. What is the experiment? Andum, we can organize it in that way and uh. Then following related work
    and then the conclusion.
[40:03] Speaker 3: Okay. Yeah, and the experiments are kind of, uh. I guess the the shape of them uh. It's a little hard to, I guess explain succinctly, But we
    generally have the Shenzhen experiments and then partial reproduction of all of those experiments on San Francisco.
[40:30] Dr. Xin Zhang: It is okay. So, we don't need to worry too much about the reproducibility for now because we still have time to modify the code. What, we
    want to do is we want to make sure that in the appendix, we have enough detail about this implementation. And for experiment, what we
    can do is we can focus on, we can use the Shenzhen data. So two strategies actually. I think you are following one which is like
    answering all the experiments questions.
[41:10] Dr. Xin Zhang: With the two or providing analysis based on the two different data sets. So one way that we do is for each question or for each evaluation
    question, we want to provide experiment results with the two data sets. Or can you share screen with our latest version of the
    experiment part? That might make the point more clear. So, yeah, just scroll down for section 4.2. Let me see. Yeah, so as you can see,
    the data level fairness and Shenzhen, if you scroll down further.
[42:07] Dr. Xin Zhang: For the San Francisco, if you scroll down for do you have results for San Francisco?
[42:16] Speaker 3: Yes. Um. I hope I blew by them. So oops, it's here. Oh, this is a different version than I was expecting. Yes, I oh okayum.
[42:36] Dr. Xin Zhang: You. So you have created okay, a distinct section for for.
[42:40] Speaker 3: Yeah I'm not seeing the title. I was looking for, thoughum the first version did have a uh completely separateum but I know this I've kind
    of worked it in there or worked uh, the San Francisco stuff, uh kind of where it's contextually like relevant. But the.
[43:05] Dr. Xin Zhang: So yeah, so the point I want to make is that, for example, um you are we're having several questions we want to answer within evaluation
    section. The first one may be um the fairness. Whether our approach is able to improve fairness. So for this and for this to answer this
    question, we can directly put The experiment results for Shenzhen and San Francisco side by side, And we can just use one paragraph
    summarizing what we have observed in Shenzhen and San Francisco in terms of the fairness change. This is one, And for each questions,
    kind of we are having the Shenzhen and San Francisco results side by side. That is one strategy. And the other strategy would be.
[44:03] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah. For fairness, still we want to answer these questions. For fairness question, we just show the Shenzhen. Yes, I think the second way
    is what you are using right now. And for other questions, you also want to use only the Shenzhen data. And finally, You are saying
    making the claim that this approach is also transferable to San Francisco. For other or or to taxi data in other cities, and then you
    are listing the San Francisco result. And for in the in this way of represent. Oh, in this way of writing, I so me.
[44:52] Dr. Xin Zhang: I personally would prefer this way of writing because it's gonna save us some space.
[44:58] Speaker 3: So, we definitely will be able to report the fairness improvements. But, we also have baselines that we have to report results for or
    experiment results, or else we lose the motivating, you know, or the isolating factors. And then we also have, The uh uh generative
    results or like propagation.
[45:27] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, so we have the results for both cities, right?
[45:31] Speaker 3: Uh in some of it. So, the theum in the fairness and the propagation that we have uh basically parity between San, Francisco and Shenzhen.
    But when it comes to the baselines, uh much of the baselines are, Have only been implemented or like, um, juxtaposed against uh
    Shenzhen, because computational yeah issues because it's these things take. It was an undertaking to okay yeah. Been too far.
[46:08] Dr. Xin Zhang: Okay so.
[46:10] Speaker 3: But I think I I hear what your your your general idea, Because without like a full or like a a deep understanding of like where the. Or, I
    guess that's collections of results that we have. But I'll try to oppose them or like have it more visually striking between Shenzhen
    and San Francisco.
[46:31] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, I think the main point is we don't need kind of So if we observe, we have the same observation in Shenzhen and San Francisco, we can
    either combine it, Say that we have the same observation for Shenzhen and San Francisco, and illustrate the observation in one
    paragraph, in the same paragraph or paragraphs. Yeah. And we don't need to kind of say the same thing for two times. So that is what I
    want to.
[47:09] Speaker 3: And yeah, I think in general that the approach is very similar to that. There were some like, uh, slight differences between how uh Shenzhen
    and San Francisco behaved, that I think as far as like, defensibility um kind of need to be like at least recognized and that's why, Um
    we have like a separate section, instead of just uh reporting the results, all in one where instead of breaking it out into this
    section, we just kind of report them side by side as you are, or as you're you're saying. Um so.
[47:46] Speaker 3: The general purpose of this is to kind of highlight those those differences because, A very astute reviewer might look at some of the tables
    and see some numbers that lead to questions that without, this might kind of, I don't know. My the approach is just to like get ahead of
    of the easy reviewer, um complaints, so or comments. So, uh we can get to the good ones when we get feedback back. Because, I think like
    if we're if we're gonna put the effort into it, we might as well like do the the best job we can. Uh no matter if we're I mean cause
    obviously we're getting feedback anyways, but like give us the best chance we can.
[48:31] Dr. Xin Zhang: Mhm Okay. So I think that's pretty much what I have. And uh the others uh, the the most important thing is uh We want to follow KDD. For mat
    so I no matter which version you want to, yeah, yeah, have this part. And uh, yes, yes, you're doing it. Correct.
[48:54] Speaker 3: Yeah. And I was a a bug that prevented it from showing I think.
[48:58] Dr. Xin Zhang: There is also additional information over here. And it doesn't the correct format doesn't looks like this. Let me see if youum open the
    overlay.
[49:13] Dr. Xin Zhang: Repository. I think it also houses SC, um, reference format part. Yeah. And also permissions to make digital whatever source parts should be
    there.
[49:27] Speaker 3: Let me see if I can If,
[49:28] Dr. Xin Zhang: You compile it.
[49:33] Speaker 3: And you're working in main .tex, right? Not backup Okay So.
[49:44] Speaker 3: And this is the the format or the template, right, that you're talking about.
[49:48] Dr. Xin Zhang: Compile it to PDF.
[49:50] Speaker 3: Right, but I mean as far as like what selects the the template, it's this line. Right.
[49:56] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, that is correct,
[49:58] Speaker 3: But uh Are there any other formatting or like templates That is a format,
[50:02] Dr. Xin Zhang: But there are missing information on your version. Right So so what I'm asking is, you can just yes Open this one, if you scroll over here.
    The version you showed me only has the CSS. If you scroll down a little bit, but doesn't have this ACM reference format, this part. So
    that is what I am referring to.
[50:25] Speaker 3: Okay. Oh, this looks like probably the code.
[50:29] Dr. Xin Zhang: You don't need to modify this part. You can just leave it as is what you do Oh,
[50:33] Speaker 3: I don't plan on modifying it, But I just want to make sure it's if it's a if I'm missing code and I can just copy the code in there to solve
    the problem, I'd rather do that, It just. So it and it, LaTeX is kind of weird with compilers and stuff. So there may be a different
    compiler running between the two things. So, what I'll do is just make sure that final compilation runs, and we have these little
    details. So up until the deadline, it might not look exactly perfect, but once it once we get there, it will.
[51:03] Dr. Xin Zhang: Mhm, I can. And you can just let me know whenever you have finished the last version. I can start working on it and let you know. When is
    for our data to submit.
[51:13] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, I'll try to get it as soon as possible. Um. And who knows It might it might take less time than than I'm thinking. I think the
    things that are probably going to be the most challenging are visualization related because I'm I'm like kind of a nitpicker, But the
    the new style of those will be much more straightforward than actually trying to like this. So should be a lot easier. Um. But yeah, I
    like. I'll try to have it as soon as I or have it to you as soon as possible. Um.
[51:46] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, think I think it would be nicer if we are kind of having, like uh the the figures too. Oh,
[51:55] Speaker 3: That was another great like the kind of a case studyy. Yeah, yeah You mentioned an additional study or addition additional uh figure in this
    email. Uh.
[52:07] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, the additional figure is a framework too because I cannot. It's a framework. It's a framework figure.
[52:14] Speaker 3: Figure two is oh okay okay that's what it was. Framework figure. Okay, yes. And it's just replacing our standard figure or the current
    figure you know from yes.
[52:23] Dr. Xin Zhang: So looking at this this figure, so initially, I was thinking that this is a figure for case study,
[52:33] Dr. Xin Zhang: Oh, From whose study case study. So in experiment, We usually what we usually do is to give people a more concrete idea about the editing
    results. We show a case study of what a real editing looks like. So in this way, I thought this one is a case study.
[52:54] Speaker 3: It kind of is in that regard because Yes,
[52:57] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yes. Yeah. So so I think if we have time, if you have time, it's good to have a case study telling people, What a successful editing looks
    like if we, no time is totally okay to, um, have like to put in the paper whatever we already have and reorganize it.
[53:20] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yes. So it's up to you, but still don't be too stressful. Just once it is, is is necessary that we put.
[53:29] Dr. Xin Zhang: The most effort possible in this work, but it's another thing that we don't want to burn. Burn especially you don't want to bring yourself
    out. It's yeah, especially when you are having multiple projects. Um, in parallel and it's kind of a stressful process, Especially
    towards the deadlines because my experience is I was never able to kind of, even though I start early, I was never able to. Kind of um.
    Sleep well towards the deadline. So, So it's it's it's okay that there are certain things. We uh don't have enough time to do. The thing
    is that we want a sustainable way of working instead of just work for this submission.
[54:19] Speaker 3: I think because, I don't know if I'll be doing this as a like a lifetime job, you know, so for me, it might be a. Just a little different
    because I don't know if I'll be doing this for the next ten years of my life. And if I was, I definitely wouldn't be working like this.
    And but okay, yeah, so next couple of years just work really hard. I figure i'll be I'll be fine. Um, so yeah, mhm. So try not to have a
    heart attack and not making any promises but doing okay. Uh and I think my first shot because like the as far as like.
[54:57] Speaker 3: What I've done, Or the this little research that I've done as far as like uh publication like or like camera ready visualizations, it's the
    consensus that they're done in the TikZ TikZ format. So what I think I'll do is to make sure that everything's going to be okie dokie.
    Um, I might take a shot at at uh, I am re-implementing this in the TikZ, and I'll send it over to you. Because if we can do them both in
    TikZ, everything's awesome. And, the cool thing that you get with TikZ is that the all the fonts is the word I was looking for. All the
    fonts are consistent; everything looks like awesome. And I don't know if it's not for everybody, but that's I am like.
[55:54] Speaker 3: If those details line up, It adds a layer of trust because if if not that I judge everybody around me based on their level of detail, But I
    think it sticks out uh, sorely when I am when we're in a position where we're trying to ask somebody to accept our work. If I am not
    going to do my due diligence and make sure the the figures are, you know consistent. So, I want to i'll try that first and then
    alternative. Uh, I'll see if I can. Uh, replicated in another way.
[56:27] Dr. Xin Zhang: My suggestion is put it into the least priority. And um, Like I think I think organizing the content in a reasonable way would be important
    because those are the details. And uh, what is really important is the content. We want to make sure that the content makes sense and
    easy to read in a logical way. So dish. Yeah, and those are kind of the. After that, after we have finalized all the content for sure,
    if we have time, we can do that. I understand.
[57:01] Speaker 3: I got two windows here and they can both be doing something independent. So one of them will be working content, and then I'll just make
    another one, and it'll be working a figure for me. My my intention there wasn't to say I'm gonna gonna like just focus on the figure,
    but rather get you the figure as soon as you can. So you get feedback. If you, if you don't happen to like it um and then I could you
    know revert?
[57:24] Dr. Xin Zhang: So I I think I think it's okay, as long as the information in that figure are are preserved. So uh as if yeah, so it's okay. So you can just
    let me know when when one version is a is is oh okay for review and just looking look through through it and make edits if it works. If
    you can just submit it, Yep.
[57:50] Speaker 3: Get you see it in your email.
[57:52] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, so yeah, uh, okay. I think. I think still okay. I think that relates to another problem, which isum kind of your pay is gonna be end
    towards the end of this month. So um this research will be done till then, but we are still gonna like meet with Doctor. Cash is okay,
    whether you want to uh kind of still. Join the bi weekly meeting or not is is it's okay It's up to your time, but uh yeah. So about we I
    think we are gonna cancel this Thursday's meeting because Dr. Xin Zhang will be away, um. But, and we will be scheduling kind of for
    another kind of meeting time. Hopefully when this and uh when especially when this master starts, but like you can just, uh.
[58:47] Dr. Xin Zhang: Feel free to join or not. And um, yes.
[58:51] Speaker 3: If I don't have any conflicting things, I'll be there. Um, sounds good. I have a another job lined up that I'm actually currently uh working
    on or kind of partially not not putting a whole lot of time into it. But um, I have one already lined up, so as long as I don't like
    have any conflicting times, I got to be happy to join the meeting that'd be great.
[59:11] Dr. Xin Zhang: Okay sounds good. And I think the next thing is don't work too hard. Yeah,
[59:19] Speaker 3: Only a couple days, man. It's all right. And yeah, I'm not I don't have like I don't really not that I don't have anything else to do
    because I have like a lot of work and other projects and stuff to do, but like mm, hmm, I i'm dedicating this part of my life to this,
    and i'm totally okay with it. And i like doing good work, so i'm going to put everything i got into it. So thank you. Appreciate that.
[59:42] Dr. Xin Zhang: Yeah, and because, because it's gonna be related with kind of the revision of the papers. Because when we hear the reviews, the feedback
    might be not good, so we may be refining and. Doing the rebuttal, KDD comes with rebuttal where reviewers you are given reviewer
    feedback, and you have a chance to talk and communicate. And if with the reviewers hopefully they can improve the score or not so. Um, I
    I think I have, talked to you about that point before. So for the rebuttals part also kind of we need to work on that depending on your
    availability. You can decide whether you want to, kind of um.
[60:31] Dr. Xin Zhang: Like Participate in the rebuttal or not. And uh, yeah,
[60:35] Speaker 3: Oh yeah. Well, last thing I'm gonna do is leave you hanging on this big old paper that would be crazy man, um. But like the way I figure, I
    am going to work as hard as I can now, while I am getting paid for it and do as good a job as possible to give the reviewers as little
    foothold as we can in argument because they're going to come back with something. And I would rather they came back with small little
    nitpicks than things that require us to structurally revise the paper. So, Not that I am not getting good at it because I am every every
    iteration. I am like okay, got a workflow now, but.
[61:09] Speaker 3: That I think it's not that I mean it's unlikely that we're going to submit and they're going to have no no comments. I understand they're
    going to have comments, but if we're not careful now, We give them options or if if we're not thorough at this point or if I'm not
    thorough, um the comments that they come back with are going to be potentially devastating. So, I'll do whatever it can to make sure
    that we're motivating things properly and provide evidence. Things make sense, especially so.
[61:42] Dr. Xin Zhang: Okay, okay, sounds good. Yep. That will be oh okay thank you Robert.
[61:48] Speaker 3: Yep, all right. You have a good rest of your night.
[61:50] Dr. Xin Zhang: Thank you, too. Bye, Yep.
