# Meeting 44 transcript (2026-07-23, ~2h00m) — cleaned from Plaud raw JSON
# Speakers: 'Robert' = Plaud 'Speaker 3'; 'Dr. Xin Zhang' merges Plaud Speakers 1/2/4 (original tag kept in parens).
# Timestamps are recording-relative h:mm:ss.

[0:02:45] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Meeting is set to start in about five minutes.
[0:09:33] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 2): Tim is an email.
[0:09:38] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Hi, Robert. Hey. How are you? I am doing okay,
[0:09:45] Robert: Doing okay. Okay,
[0:09:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, I am looking at the paper right now and I think a couple of things. Um, The first thing is thatum we need I just updated it. So we are gonna use a KDD template.
[0:10:02] Robert: Okay, And that's the template that we're using is the one or it's I use the same string that was provided by KDD.
[0:10:09] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So it's not the same. It's, so you are you are removing the CCS concepts part and replace it by keywords.
[0:10:17] Robert: Can you show me which one you're talking about? Because and the reason they they provide that template on the for authors page, and it's just a one lineum insert into the, Um, text file. So if it's different than what you expect.
[0:10:37] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, this is what I expect. And uh. Okay,
[0:10:41] Robert: And so and I'll show you the the that that uh documents class SigConf anonymous review ACM Art. That line is the line it's in the text line forty seven, um here I'll I'll line it right here Okay.
[0:10:59] Robert: So that is what they provide as the template, which. Yes,
[0:11:04] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And and they are also including this CCS concept part. But in our previous version, which is this one, this part is replaced by keywords.
[0:11:16] Robert: Keywords. Okay, I'll have to look in CCS. Okay.
[0:11:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And and this so so the template is wrong but it's okay, I haveum modified it to the correct version.
[0:11:32] Robert: Cause and that the the keywords part, uhhuh. Let me let me actually check my side of things, because. Um and main.
[0:11:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Good okay keywords.
[0:11:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It is I think I think this is a correct version, so we can just use this one, andum so.
[0:11:56] Robert: Yeah, and about using that one. Let me see. Oh, okay. And you made the change directly in Okay.
[0:12:08] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Yes. Okay.
[0:12:11] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And I'll.
[0:12:13] Robert: Have to look again.
[0:12:15] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's not showing so So for the figures, I'm trying to add it in, By using the package that you use, but it doesn't seem to be showing correctly. For some reason, I think that is a. Package conflict issue, but um. So I think it's it's I I'm I'm not um I think it might be just me. I'm not familiar with writing all the papers as a text and ask the LaTeX to, to compile, um.
[0:12:54] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): What I usually do is just like take a screenshot and upload it as screenshot to show it. That way I can, it's easier for me to adjust the, the blank spaces.
[0:13:08] Robert: And which blank spaces are you interested in?
[0:13:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Like uh like.
[0:13:18] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Over here, there are a lot of blank spaces over here or around over here. Oh okay. And make figures more.
[0:13:28] Robert: Yeah, and the.
[0:13:30] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Compact. Yeah.
[0:13:31] Robert: Yeah, The package I'm using is TikZ or TikZ, as you probably are aware, And it makes it. So you can you have complete control over the whole visualization. So if if you want me to reduce the those spacings, I'd be happy to do that.
[0:13:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Uh, I think the thing another thing is, uh, there are too many texts in the figure. And they're so small and difficult to read, I think we also need to enlarge this figure. Some reference that you can use. Let me see.
[0:14:06] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): So So.
[0:14:08] Robert: Bigger text, smaller gaps is what I'm hearing.
[0:14:13] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Uh-huh, And because we we we have a lot of content to to put in the It's, not this one. We have a lot of content to put in the. In the what is that called, in the figure, so we don't want to waste space. And uh.
[0:14:45] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Where is it.
[0:14:53] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 2): So okay,
[0:15:10] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So as a reference, for example, in the ST-iFGSM. So I I wouldn't say this is kind of a good looking visualization, but. One thing to keep in mind is like, We want to make sure that the text in the figure are like slightly smaller than this caption size or than the text in the paper. So that way people are having less difficulty reading and understanding it. And yeah.
[0:15:44] Robert: And then text size, like I reduced the text size when the figure was larger. To like take up less space, and that's just an artifact of the last one. So I'll just increase the text size there. Um that shouldn't be a big deal. Um.
[0:15:58] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Let me see uh real-time service demonstration by.
[0:16:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And also for the caption doesn't have to be kind of a long caption. As you can see, there are a lot of space after the caption.
[0:16:55] Robert: That's what I yeah, one of the things I was going to ask you about because, the trade-off is, Do we explain the entire visual in the caption? Or do we let the audience try to fill in the gaps and just hit the big points? And that trade-off was one of the things that I wanted to ask you about because and. Right now, the current format is explain everything. Um, and this goes for both uh uh figures, uh both Figure one and Figure two.
[0:17:24] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, we explain. Yeah. So, the idea is like because we have limited space is just eight pages. So we just explain the most important information in the caption. And.
[0:17:35] Robert: Right now we're under eight pages as far as main content. Mhm So it fits yeah but, If we want to add anything, it's going to be very important to remove things like that. But. And that's also like a stylistic choice, too. Because one thing that like I, just kind of I like to leave less things up to chance. And as far as like delivering an argument, We can either leave that leave it up to the audience to fill in our the gaps for us, or we can tell them what to think essentially.
[0:18:13] Robert: But on figures and stuff where there's uh like a visual representation, that that can get shrunk up pretty pretty easily.
[0:18:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And. So we want to in the in the main text where we are referencing the the figures, we want to make sure that they are clear. Yeah. And um.
[0:18:31] Robert: And there there's uh references to all figures right now. Um it's just the without like bolding the references, Which is kind of tricky because of how text works, it will only bold like kind of one part of it. Um, So it's either you choose to not bold it, or you choose to bold the figure and not the number, if you know what I mean. So,
[0:18:58] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Let me see.
[0:19:02] Robert: Yeah and actually come to think of it. I didn't check that figure one was referenced. They did figure two and all the other and tables actually was the big one.
[0:19:16] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): See. Oh, okay. So we can just follow. We just follow um the templates that Katie gave us. So we don't modify the caption of the figures or anything, and we just leave it as is, uh like how the paper looks, and I thinkum other things are.
[0:19:38] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Are you using the the cloud or GPT to help drafting the paper?
[0:19:43] Robert: Yeah. Um. The my like workflow is is mainly like. Um, it depends on what the edit is or something, but like first draft, I'll have the AI write and then I go through and I make things sound more human. I like add uh, any kind of anything that makes it like more readable, because you know how AI writing can be. Um, and then things that include like the change of some value. One I like uh leverage AI to make sure that if I change some meaningful thing somewhere in the paper, that it's consistent across the entire paper because it's very easy to overlook. You know, Oh, this thing was referenced here and I just made an edit in one place and missed the reference. Um so I use AI to make sure that I've uh am consistent throughout. Um.
[0:20:37] Robert: But as far as like the content of the paper that you're you're reading, um I've been through the entire main body of the uh of the paper, and the only part that I haven't really like, uh, gone to great lengths of like humanizing is the uh appendix. Which The appendix is mainly comprised of content that was moved from the main body to the appendix in an effort to reduce length. Um, so it's at at least one point. I've been through every or all of the content, uh, humanizing it so to speak. Um, I'm not sure if that's okay.
[0:21:19] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think I think I think the main issue is not humanizing. It is um is how, um. How the story has been like combined together and how explanation went.
[0:21:35] Robert: And that's where the AI is very, very helpful because.
[0:21:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Not necessarily because a lot of times, AI's are just gonna like put things in a way that they can understand quickly, and it's kind of not naturally how. We are kind of trying to.
[0:21:57] Robert: Like the human understands it. Yeah,
[0:21:58] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And that's or yeah I think that the thing is that the current version is a kind of um. A good documentation of what has been done instead of kind of a good way of telling the story that what the problem we want to solve and what strategies we have proposed to solve this problem. So it's kind of more problem driven and design driven. So starting from this problem as our motivation.
[0:22:30] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): We are designing approaches accordingly, but for current work, it's more like this is what we do instead of why we do it.
[0:22:43] Robert: So and the why we do it is as far as.
[0:22:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Like yeah. So so so in paper writing, What we do is we have the problem, which isum the original data is not fair. And when those data has been used for downstream applications, for example, for training a generator to generate more data, those the bias will be propagated. Right.
[0:23:10] Robert: And that's introduction content.
[0:23:13] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yes. Yes, exactly. So that is a problem we want to we want to solve. So,
[0:23:18] Robert: It's there That absolutely exists in the introduction right now.
[0:23:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): But, what we want to do is, what are the specific challenges. What are specific challenges that makes existing approaches doesn't work.
[0:23:33] Robert: Yeah, um, the the new introduction which was completely redone after your recentum suggestions, That I think does a very good job of of the why. And also, as you recommended provide an example from the existing literature and how our approach builds on top of it. Um There's a couple examples of that from the introduction. Um, But I think it's not to like just uh say, yeah, it's perfect. Uh because obviously, it's uh, this is a large work that is never going to be perfect. But I actually am quite or reasonably confident that the introduction does a good job of like explaining the basis of or like why this problem is important to solve anyways, and then how our approach.
[0:24:25] Robert: Uh, builds or uh not builds on top of that problem, But like how it solves specific aspects of that problem to produce the more fair result. Um.
[0:25:11] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I have one question. For example, as you have written over here, Interventions typically target one end of the pipeline or the other: input processing methods and data generation and data rebalancing methods. And our approach takes a third position. Why we need to take a third position?
[0:25:33] Robert: So if you it's not necessarily a third position if you read those two paragraphs in combination, there's. In process or preprocessing, which is our position, that's our third position. Um, uh, in processing and post-processing. In processing and post-processing are both um explained in this paragraph. Um, Our it just kind of implies that the third position is pre- proc pre- processing, which is data augmentation. So, it's not necessarily a a different approach. ;. It's just worded in a way that like says these are.
[0:26:09] Robert: Or these are the two ways that other approaches do it. This is our way.
[0:26:14] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So the major thing is not introducing a new approach, but introducing why we want to invent or create a new approach. So what makes in- processing approaches fail?
[0:26:32] Robert: So what makes them fail and.
[0:26:35] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Why can't we directly use in- processing approaches?
[0:26:39] Robert: So to be to take it quite straight from the um paper in processing methods, regularize a model while lever or leaving the demonstrations biased. Um, to answer your question specifically, um so objective and training signal conflict or conflict sorry, and then data generation and rebalancing methods instead alter the demonstrations synthesizing fair data. So gener or synthesizing meaning they have to make up uh data. Um, and it's our approaches to contrast against that where instead of, um, like, uh. Working at the model level. Trying to manipulate the model leaving and failing at it because the model in processing methods are challenged, which is in this uh this thirty seven. Um.
[0:27:38] Robert: There's, uh, it's basically like a, these are some issues that we have with in-processing methods. Um. And then uh, the data generation um I guess it could be a little more explicit as far as like why data generation is like, uh I don't know, actually I kind of think synthesizing fair data or re- weighting and re- sampling. And it's the explicit part is, but this can reduce realism. And the the realism that word is very important in this whole paper, because that we make a strong claim that the important uh or one of the things that makes our approach important is that it doesn't just reduce bias, but it also does so. While retaining realism and the specific claims we make is we contrast our approach against baselines that might improve fairness a little bit.
[0:28:37] Robert: Although they don't beat our fairness increase, um, they might improve fairness a little bit, but they actually do notum do so with retaining realism.
[0:28:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And what is realism?
[0:28:48] Robert: So realism is in terms of like, Is the uh, the edited or generated dataum is that uh representative of the original dataset. So if you you can generate trajectories all day long, But if they're not real human trajectories, they don't resemble human trajectories. There's no real So.
[0:29:13] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): That's the fidelity, right? Correct. Yeah. So we use a word that we are familiar with. So I think another thing with AI is that you're usually inventing some phrases that are not like what like the. Domain experts or practitioners use in this domain. For example, I cannot understand what is in processing methods.
[0:29:39] Robert: You don't understand what in process or that's not familiar?
[0:29:42] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): No, I don't know what is in processing methods. Okay. And I think, I think, I think like, I think uh, what can be done is so we can do a lot of literature survey, and we see that how. Approach related works are are trying to solve this problem. And based on the paper itself, We abstract, weum extract some keywords where those keywords are the things that can best explain the approach proposed by those papers.
[0:30:16] Robert: That is what is I mean, I'll stand firmly on this. That is exactly what we're doing.
[0:30:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): But what is in processing methods because in processing is kind of a too broad.
[0:30:27] Robert: So to be to specify it, it's it's right here. They regularize regularize the model, while leaving the demonstrations biased. So they they work at the model level.
[0:30:38] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So so is kind of, regularization approaches right instead of in processing approaches.
[0:30:48] Robert: So I think that might be a bit of a like a semantics kind of thing because, um in processing methods. Regularize the model. That statement itself says that this method type, this approach to solving this process, operates at the model level. And this approach still it leaves demonstrations biased, demonstrations being the data. So it's thick semantically, but the problem with this paper is we have so much content.
[0:31:27] Robert: To fit in there, That it's it's been the number one struggle with this paper has been delivering that message while making it fit in the space that we have, which is hence the reason we have page a couple pages of appendix. Um so I.
[0:31:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Don't think I don't think that is a problem because we want to. Tell a complete story. The story could be very long, But we just extract what is important to convey to people, and we want to communicate the ideas clearly.
[0:32:01] Robert: Yeah, and that's why the current body of the paper, the first eight pages, is exactly that. And the appendix contains stuff that enriches it.
[0:32:11] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): But I think one important thing is, There is limited, for example, we are talking about these two paragraphs, these two approaches: in processing approaches and data generation approaches. So one thing is we want to cite related works and only having one related work is not enough if if we are saying that it's a group of work.
[0:32:33] Robert: So four here that actually. Build up that argument.
[0:32:37] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So it's just one for the in-processing method. It doesn't make it a kind of a group. We can just directly see what the method is instead of saying some as seeing this specific one, one approach as in-processing. So when we're naming like a group of works, We want to make sure that it's just a group of work instead of just one work. And also for all the related works, we want to make sure that they are more, More current, we want to excite works that are closer to us, like 2025, 2026, that type of things. And I.
[0:33:11] Robert: Think it's when when it's it's usually not that straightforward that we can just pick a 2020 or pick a uh within the last couple of years paper that supports the exact line. I know.
[0:33:24] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's okay. Yeah, I think it's I think that that there is no problem. It's just we can talk aboutum, Kind of trajectory editing approaches or generative approaches, Or approaches that are trying to generate different data as a second line of approaches and the approaches that are trying to modify on the original data for certain purposes. So is that is kind of trajectory editing approaches andumum trajectory generation approach. So we can talk about those two lines.
[0:33:57] Robert: So, and okay, and the, The resources or the references that that we use here are are chosen very strategically, Because they're either seminal works that support a specific approach, or they are those recent approaches that we are differentiating from. They're not just randomly chosen. Just because AI helped me select them, doesn't mean that they're just on a whim and they don't support our argument strongly.
[0:34:25] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think the thing is, it's really trying to by talking about related work, is really trying to tell people where our work located, which domain it located at and what is the novelty of this paper. So I think the most important thing is identify the closest related works that could be put in the introduction and also identify. Why those approaches cannot work on our problem? I think that is the most important missing part. So we're here, we're this.
[0:35:00] Robert: I just, I am sorry, I disagree that it's that we haven't done that job. Um, Because and I took great care to make sure that, that specific or the what you've just explained was was done. And as far as like the like, maybe specific language as far as in processing. Might not ring specifically true to you, but.
[0:35:24] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So objective and training signal conflict. What does this mean?
[0:35:29] Robert: So objective, okay. So the objective being theum increase fairness or to improve fairness and training signal, which the like loss function, anything that that you use to guide the behavior of your model. They conflict because things that.
[0:35:48] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Problem. So sorry to interrupt, But so the problem for those approaches is that they are not specific to the fairness objective.
[0:35:57] Robert: So yeah, and this paper 37 it refers to Zhang. This paper is very explicit in that these improving fairness at the model level is challenging because, the, The things that improve or the the ways that we can manipulate the training signal to improve fairness, the objective, Are oftentimes at odds with achieving a or they're often at odds with creating samples that actually represent the original distributions. Where if you can increase fairness.
[0:36:43] Robert: But you decrease realism and you decrease the usability of that data. And that 37 is very strategic. It's one of the probably the most important work in this space. So it's doing a lot of work there, that one reference. Which I think might be a weakness there because we, and this is kind of part of a theme in this paper is that, we have a lot of argument to make. We have, and the. The solution to this, the like the our approach has many different concepts and many different solutions that we had to come up with along the way that.
[0:37:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So yeah, I think what what is most important is what is the most important thing? Or what is the one most important claim we want to make for the paper.
[0:37:51] Robert: Yes, And that is the one I guess to to boil it down to to a specific claim, It's that existing approaches can improve fairness, but they don't do so while also retaining realism. And so, That realistic usability aspect is the core thing or the issue.
[0:38:14] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So okay, so the fairness versus realism tradeoff is a major thing we want to solve. So that is kind of core of this problem, right? So okay, we can identify this problem. And so this literature is saying that this balance is different. 37 is saying that this balance is difficult to be, to be reached right.
[0:38:40] Robert: Um. So difficult in the space of the model level approaches model level.
[0:38:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So you can see at this model level. Approaches so model level approaches, and you are adding more, More kind ofum citations supporting it because if we are saying kind of a group of classes, you don't just have one paper.
[0:39:07] Robert: Well, and this this is introduction. We have a related works that does the work that supports the rest of that.
[0:39:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It doesn't matter, just at at least two.
[0:39:15] Robert: Okay, Well, and and that's the thing. So like this is the one we're looking at just the introduction right now. There's also the related works that.
[0:39:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah related work, Kind of is another thing. What, we want to do is we want to build a solid introduction, so people would buy the questions, people would be able to identify that the problem is important. Yeah,
[0:39:38] Robert: And I took your feedback that you sent the other email. I took that super seriously. And literally every single suggestion that you made was implemented in the paper strongly where it's apparent.
[0:39:52] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, I know. Is I know. I know that, but I think, I think the thing is there are um. I think it's just like maybe it's just the large language models are making things a little bit um. Uh, Strange in a way in terms of how how people read the paper and they and understand the paper. I think it is difficult for me to. To explain this weirdness because when I'm reading this paper, it's really taking me a lot of time in terms of understanding. right. what is in messages messages? what is so objective and training signal conflict? what is objective? what is training signal? Is this should this training signals reflecting the objective with its objective, which objective. and I cannot identify why these in messages messages.
[0:40:48] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Cannot work, does not work on our problem, and we have to create a new approach. As, that is the most important thing I want to claim I want to make. and also for the data generation, data rebalancing classes is saying that since uh this can reduce realism, shift the distribution and obscure the source of unfairness. again, this is something I cannot understand either. like, why is reducing realism since their objective is trying to kind of mimicking how human are making decisions. and, why do they shift the distribution since they are actually learning the distribution of real human behaviors?
[0:41:36] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And why are they obscuring the source of fairness gain for sure, but but for the first two points, I don't agree. for the last point, it might be so that is a thing.
[0:41:56] Robert: Well, Okay. So thereaking thereaking therehathere senthereence by ithereself, there here is no way therehathere we can answer therehose questhereions. obviously, buthere thereaking therehose therehose, Senthereences in therehe conthereexthere of therehe papers therehathere are cithereed, ithere is clear. Ithere's ithere's done like therehe therehe message is therehere and therehe placementhere of therehese, of therehe cithereathereions are therehere. Ithere's semanthereically importhereanthere. um I.
[0:42:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Don't understand why is this man, what what makes it semantically in?
[0:42:27] Robert: So taking taking 34 one. and 34 four here.
[0:42:31] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Synthesizing fair data or reweighting and sampling them.
[0:42:35] Robert: yes, so synthesizing fair data, this 34 one and 34 four show us synthesizing fair data. mhm.
[0:42:45] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): and then reweighing and resampling them is related to 17, and then taking these all the sentences in context with these resources produces this the solution or the the statement here.
[0:43:00] Robert: This can reduce realism, shift the distribution, obscure the source of any fairness gain. and I fully agree with you that and I think to kind of build on your what you were trying to express earlier like this that AI kind of produces this thing that's kind of hard to understand. it's and the thing to me is it makes our language very compact, very semantically heavy. and hold on um and the struggle in this paper is because we have many different points to support the argument. and, then the other bigger challenge was that because to actually get to this fairness improvement, while while retaining um realism or the the fidelity, um, to get there, we had many different things that I or problems that I had to solve.
[0:43:57] Robert: And, if we're going to properly motivate them and then and show evidence for them, that takes space. And, that's the hardest thing about this whole paper is finding or motivating all of these different problems, providing the evidence that's required to support them, and then also showing our the conclusion of our argument, the results. So, it's if one of the things that I really wanted to talk to you about today, is it kind of takes a general. Like deep understanding of the paper's content, But there there are some possible things that we might be able to cut out, Um and then make space for the further explanation that might or might kind of satiate that missing feeling of like I don't feel convinced here in the introduction, um. But we we will have to remove points that support our later argument.
[0:44:54] Robert: Um, So I'm I'm I didn't necessarily choose this language because I thought it was the best way to support the idea. I don't. It's the best way that supports the idea in the context of the length of the paper. So and it's, I have, i've spent.
[0:45:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Ii think, i guess, i guess we need to kind of revisit what is approaches. So approaches sum. We want to like from all the data, we want to select the most important data to add it and add them. And in a way that their fairness scores, their fairness contributions to the whole system could be kind of, could be our max are the most and we added them accordingly. And you're designing the trim and lift approaches to do that, right?
[0:45:50] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So that is a main approach. So this main approach can solve the problem. And, this is kind of how can we kind of modify on the original data. So the original data can have less bias and less likely to propagate those bias for downstream applications. So this is kind of the core problem. So if this is a core problem, We motivate the paper by this core problem.
[0:46:20] Robert: Yes, and taking a straight read from the abstract through the introduction, I believe does motivate that problem. It takes a careful read, but it does.
[0:46:32] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And I think up until.
[0:46:48] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think it's only kind of the first paragraph in introduction that is trying to highlight this problem. And then in the second paragraph, we are trying to say limitations of existing approaches, but we need to sharpen it, make it more precise in terms of what why existing approaches cannot work.
[0:47:17] Robert: Okay, and.
[0:47:20] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And also I. Yes,
[0:47:22] Robert: I'll try to to fit some more in there. Um, like I said, The the we have about three or four lines of additional space before we're out of our main body space.
[0:47:35] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's it's okay. It's totally okay to go over length at the current stage as long as we cut it in eight pages before the deadline, but we want to make sure that, All the important information, All the information are complete in it, instead of like throwing away some of the details. Right,
[0:47:55] Robert: And I. So this isn't I didn't just generate this and then hand it to you. I've spent literally every single day approximately ten hours for each day, making sure that the argument is driven, it is presented properly and taking, Gone to great lengths of making sure that it fits. And, my process was my first my first objective was to make sure that the the argument is there. It's fully motivated. The existing approaches are limited. Here is what we do to build on it. Here is our method, all the other parts of the argument, and that initial objective.
[0:48:44] Robert: Landed at about eleven pages, So then I had the hardest part was compacting all of that argument into the eight pages. And I think it's made it a difficult read. And, this is not a paper where you can just casually read through it. And.
[0:49:07] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think the thing is, I appreciate your work. I'm not saying that you're you're not doing work or anything. I know you're hardworking and you have done a lot of work. I think that is not something that I want to make a claim over there. Not, I really appreciate your work and you are really hardworking and we have all those results, that is very good. Um, I was only saying that in terms of how to improve this paper, so that. Because when we are evaluating and reviewing papers, We want to make sure the paper is easy to read, because every reviewer is having six seven papers should to review. So, what we want to do is we want our paper to be easy to read for them. So that they can know what we want to, what problem we want to solve and what motivation um, we have and why existing works don't.
[0:50:00] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Um, existing approaches don't work. Instantly, by only reading as an introduction, so we didn't know the contribution, the novelty of this work. So and um I think in terms of the current because because we we didn't have time to talk about how to write a paper before, because it's our previous meetings are mainly about um. Kind of um experiment results, instead of talking about the way of writing a paper. I'm over here. I'm only saying that, The way of organizing the paper is not kind of in the most optimal way, And what we want to do is we want to kind of improve it a little bit or like what I.
[0:50:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): We'll be doing the rest of the days before, uh, The deadline would be kind of rewriting the paper based on what you have already done. And I'm gonna tell you my, what my plan looks like. So basically for the introduction I'm gonna reorganize it so that it's having a very clear motivation and existing works limitation. And, we can shrink the FATE's proposed approach part into one paragraph because currently it's taking too much space. And, we don't need to introduce in so much details because we are gonna provide more details in the methodology part. And also over here, We need kind of an anonymous link telling people that where is the code will be released.
[0:51:43] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So, or here, I know in this introduction, we may also be needing kind of a motivating example in terms of and I think this figure would do part of the work. Um, Which is we want an example that is saying that existing approaches like GAIL or other approaches are actually um uh amplifying or inheriting the unfairness in the data. So One approach is we are kind of using some news to try to highlight that problem. Another approach would be if we have any experiment results, We can put that results before in the first figure to highlight that existing approaches do make, the existing approaches cannot solve the problem we have.
[0:52:43] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And that's in Figure one.
[0:52:46] Robert: Only Figure one. So for for Figure one, there's um.
[0:53:04] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I Think Figure one, One thing is not reflected is that what is the fairness score before editing? So here is gonna be kind of we can directly show one value over here. Like um, fairness score for this data and fairness score for this data. And then when we are doing imitation learning, we are able to generate something like um with like this unfair. service. This is more fair service.
[0:53:37] Robert: And down here in the in the caption, this was in the in the first version of this, uh we kind of it was a little more clear with the fairness score. The caption gives a three times or three x service gap. Um.
[0:53:52] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Uh if that is okay, yeah if that is the case we'd better show that information in the figure.
[0:53:59] Robert: Okay and yeah and that was, I mean, we could put it somewhere like I don't know. It just kind of hover it over here or something.
[0:54:08] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Is I don't think it's gonna be kind of three times service gap because uhum receives three times the taxi service. So I think.
[0:54:18] Robert: That's that and that's a measured number. That's not, guess it's advantage,
[0:54:25] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So what are the advantage areas?
[0:54:29] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So the yellow part or the blue part.
[0:54:32] Robert: So those are just different districts. And if we read the figure one caption, it kind of implies the advantage district receives three times the taxi service. So you see all these little taxis here.
[0:54:49] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So. So I think I think the thing is that we want the figure itself to be self- explanatory instead of having to read a figure.
[0:54:58] Robert: Yeah, So it kind of depends on like as you approach the figure or the reading of the figure, what your expectations are. And with this is the third level of the original approach, which actually this last part is just a third level, which was your selection. With just that we didn't really show Where the fig or where, data comes from. What is the difference between the two approaches? So I kind of added that top layer. Um, but as far as expectations of what the figure, um should be, if currently it's motivating the two different strands. Um, but I think having uh, the additional maybe more upfront idea of what it is um.
[0:55:55] Robert: And then, as far as like the coloring goes between the two different regions, um, Figure Two. Uh, It's the coloring is consistent and Figure Two kind of it's the Figure One and Figure Two in combination provide the motivation and then the solution. Um, and contextually, the coloring does conveys the differences between the regions. So it's like a Less fair, hence like a more cautionary color, or not as good bad or good and bad kind of idea. And that's basically the. It's meant to convey the idea that there are more fair regions and less fair regions, and those less fair regions get a lot of taxi service while the.
[0:56:55] Robert: I guess other side of theum the fairness uh kind of idea, There's regions that are less fair that haveum people that need the taxi service, they don't get the taxis.
[0:57:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So I will say that. The most important thing or. First of all. What our pro- what what the proposed work is trying to do. We are trying to edit the trajectories, so the trajectories are not carrying the unfairness anymore, right? So we don't have this intermediate layer. We are just showing how the raw data is changing. We have raw data and it has been changed to edited data, right? Okay.
[0:57:50] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So we don't because, Imitation learning model that is the application layer. So, for downstream application.
[0:57:58] Robert: But this is core to our argument, is that in order for our fairness improvement to survive to the application layer, we have to manipulate that. And by the manipulation that we perform is by upweighting the edited samples. So this is it's doing real work here. The upweighted imitation model is very much, Part or core part of our argument.
[0:58:29] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So if that is the case, there's no meaning for us. So the what is the point for editing the trajectories?
[0:58:39] Robert: Um, so without editing, the bias propagates to the rollout corpus. With editing and our second aspect of our approach, um there's less bias.
[0:58:53] Robert: And I think larger text might have made that more obvious, or maybe kind of making it completely clear in this. Cause this, These little captions are trying to do some of the work of previous layers of this viz. So we have the fairness gap, this gap between regions. So learned and reenacted meaning like this, Without editing, the gap in fairness, The problem that we're trying to solve still exists in the rolled out trajectories of of other approaches or the not FATE approach. And then with the FATE approach, the fairness gains that we that we get, the most are. The fair and rolled out trajectories they survive or the fairness survives training.
[0:59:52] Robert: Resulting in, and I think less human bias might not be clear enough. Um, we could just say straight out, uh fairer corpus, less fair corpus here. That might make it more obvious.
[1:00:06] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So I think in that sense, first of all, I think uh, that relates to kind of a more fundamental problem. So, we are doing. We are not kind ofum We are more like a data augmentation. Approach specifically for imitation learning, right? So, we're kind of decreasing the claim because originally what we want to do is we want to make sure the added trajectory can be useful for general various downstream applications. But now that doesn't sound like that.
[1:00:43] Robert: No, so that's still true. It's just we because and this was one of the, Because, I can remember it vividly. Because through May and June, we were struggling. Because we'd achieved our fairness improvements through the trajectory modification approach, But the problem was, they were averaged out when we just when we tried using it in a downstream or two downstream effect. So I think what we.
[1:01:15] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So the proposed solution is to updating them.
[1:01:18] Robert: Yes, And and that's um also motivated properly or I think effectively in in the in the manuscript. But, I think without that aspect, Where the method that we provide will not be useful to the scientific community in general. Because if they try to use the method wholesale, Just like, hey, we have this fair data. Now we expect that editing ten percent of the trajectories of a dataset is going to produce a fair result. That's the finding or another important finding is that it doesn't survive because the standard maximum likelihood estimation for these behavior models averages away that small change. And the core part is that.
[1:02:09] Robert: We want to not modify the whole entire data set. We want to do this minimal intervention, which is modify a small fraction of the data set, this arbitrary like ten percent. And, the way that we can show that you can do this small intervention and get the result that you want is through a very simple upweighting strategy that actually has a very good basis in the existing literature.
[1:02:39] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So, we're just doing data augmentation for imitation learning models to make them more fair. So that was our yeah,
[1:02:46] Robert: That was our original thing, But that changed in May and June because it didn't the fairness improvement did not it the it, we found that it didn't work by just augmenting the data. Because, just augmenting, the data gets you a fairer corpus, and we can measure thatum through the metrics, and we we even show in the paper that.
[1:03:10] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, I think that part I got it. So so so anyways, We're kind of decreasing the claim of the paper because the raw only additive data doesn't improve fairness at all. But how it has uh likeum or the resulting imitation model is actually, Is able to generate more fair service. Okay, that part I can understand. I think that part is clear. So, we're just decreasing the claim saying that we are designing an approach specifically for imitation learning so that the learned policy will be able to replicate human behaviors and is able to provide more fair services. That is a claim.
[1:03:53] Robert: Yes, And it's I see it kind of like not necessarily as like watering down our claim, but as a dual finding because, um, We find that we can increase fairness on metrics that we don't even optimize for, which is excellent. Um, But the additional finding is that while we can do this very cool thing, which is actually improve fairness by existing standards. The second finding is that, It's not enough to just increase fairness. And, we states quite specifically that a follow- up work will be extending it to other types of behavioral models, not just behavior cloning. So we I cover that too, that idea that well it's just for behavior cloning. No, that's our next work.
[1:04:44] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So so is a documentation, Approach for behavior cloning alone.
[1:04:55] Robert: Uh, currently.
[1:04:57] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It doesn't matter. So for the realization, for the realization there is it's not clear. It's not clear why it's kind of uh the advantage district receives three times the taxi service. So first of all we need to say what are the advantages districts? So, if it's a our is a yellow color, we just add a kind of a tax saying that this part is the advantage. And this. And the blue part is disadvantage. And if I say,
[1:05:24] Robert: Let me make sure I understand that. So, you want a uh a uh, maybe a legend icon that that defines these? Okay.
[1:05:32] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): If just put a text over here, is this part as advantage and this part is disadvantage. And also if you want to say that there's three times the taxi service, you show it over here there are so make sure that, Within these two figures, The total number of passengers and the total number of vehicles should stay the same. Otherwise, it's kind of trying to assume that you are eliminating essentially eliminating uh taxis or services or eliminating demands.
[1:06:06] Robert: And if that's meaningful, that is intentional that there are less taxis right there.
[1:06:15] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So we want to show the figure in the city level. So in the city level, we want less service in general across all the regions.
[1:06:25] Robert: So not necessary, I guess. So, the problem there is, is we want to show the change in the actual effect, and if we and mathematically, If, were to show that we had the same number of trajectories in both or same number of taxis, which is our taxi service, and only one of of these, the the actual fairness increase would not work. The the service or the taxi service per unit demand does not improve. Um, it would destroy our actually results. So if were to basically set up the.
[1:07:10] Robert: The formula using the number of these taxis and the number of uh these little stick figures, it would convey that we've improved the outcome, the service ratio.
[1:07:24] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So currently I do not see a service ratio. So we're here. I'm I'm only say I'm only observing if the service issue is uh, Demand versus supply. So over here, I'm looking at infinity supply. And I'm looking at the Let me see. Oh, sorry. So or if the service ratio is demand over supply, over here, I'm looking at a value which is zero. And over here, I'm looking at a.
[1:08:01] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Uh, a value of one over four. And for this region, what I'm looking at is zero five, five over zero. This is infinity. And this one is three over two. So explain to me what does a three times means?
[1:08:29] Robert: The three times so. The. Okay, let me because I had to. Modify, this. It is I'm blanking on the it's let me see. Let me get my paper up here because I need to scroll. Um we have disparate impact. It's not disparate impact. It's the other one I can't remember right now. Hang on a second.
[1:09:04] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Are you writing something right now? No,
[1:09:07] Robert: I'm looking in another window. Okay. Um, cause I'm trying to scroll through the paper to jar my memory, um, where is it? Uh, I've been elsewhere in the paper in the last couple days. Um, So of the of the three external metrics, maybe I can go to the external metrics and it'll be right there. Um, of the three external metrics, um.
[1:09:37] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I I think I think it's gonna like if we're like talking about all the details in, in such a way, it's gonna take us like forever. And then we cannot finish the paper. I think the most important thing is when you are reflecting.
[1:09:54] Robert: This word impact, sorry.
[1:09:55] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, if you when you are trying to reflect or use use a figure, You are, you are trying to make sure that people are able to understand the meaning of the figure instantly. They're like the moment they they look at the figure. So if we want to convey that this advantaged area, this this yellow part is advantage area, you put a text advantage area over there. Otherwise people are it's gonna take people time to see why is advantage area. Instead of saying it's it looks because, because it looks to me like this orange this, this yellow area is where people park park their cars instead of where the taxis are. So yeah, so I yeah I think a more direct way of uh of uh showing a realization is not using this kind of those. Um.
[1:10:49] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So I can show you more realistic kind of drawing, So people can instantly know what you are trying to convey the moment. They look at the paper. Let me see.
[1:10:59] Robert: And in my opinion, The thing that we are trying to convey there is that we have an algorithm FATE that we use to create an edited corpus or to edit data, and then we, Take that edited data and we train a model on it, which is the upweighted imitation model, which shows this change in the city level this grid. And then we have this, which says that the fairness gains are in five training. We I.
[1:11:34] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Think the most important thing is that I cannot see what is fairness. I can only see, Like certain vehicles towards the left, certain passengers towards the right, and I cannot see why this creates a fairness. I need to guess what are these vehicles. Are these vehicles taxis or other things? Are these like people icons, passengers or anything? Okay.
[1:11:55] Robert: And I hear you. But how like because we still have the challenge of how do we actually provide that semantically? So.
[1:12:04] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's gonna be easy. So if you are saying that, so the current claim is for this before auditing, If the current claim is this part is having three times more service than this part, Then you are assigning six taxis over here and you're having two passengers over here. And over here you just have one taxi and one passenger. So, Then you can see, you can show the difference, and people would know what are the, what are the, what are the like three times. Service difference you're talking about right.
[1:12:45] Robert: And that makes sense. But the reality of the of of the method is that it doesn't work like that. And these. The taxi.
[1:12:54] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): This is this is the raw data. This is before this is using raw data after doing imitation learning, and this is saying that you are having what was that? Let me see. This one saying that receive three times the taxi service per unit demand, the advantage districts receive three times, so taxi service per unit demand right? This is what you you mentioned so. So this is saying that, and this on Shenzhen taxi GPS trajectories, the advantage district receives three times the taxi service per unit demand. Yes. So this three times is over disadvantaged area, right? So you are comparing this service demand ratio is three, this part is one. And you are mentioning three times.
[1:13:39] Robert: So there's this.
[1:13:42] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): We don't need to think about. I think I think the major thing is when we are writing the or drawing the figure, You don't need to include all the important details in terms of how we are calculating those service ratios. What most important is you want to convey the idea. The teaching figure doesn't need to be rigorous.
[1:14:01] Robert: It's not. Yeah,
[1:14:03] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It doesn't have to be rigorous.
[1:14:07] Robert: What I mean is this existing figure is not literal. It does not literally mean that, and I think I probably overemphasized what I was saying there earlier. In that you you basically like the ratio itself was not going to work out. Um, that's that was not I didn't mean it quite literally like that. It's, just the and this, the semantic difference we want to show between these two grids is that we modify this things change between these two outcomes, and the change, that we have different little different.
[1:14:38] Robert: Taxi presence and we have different service pickups that results in a different outcome, and that outcome is spelled out plainly here. So I think it's I misspoke or overemphasized the the literal nature of it. It is not literal; it is very much stylized, and so the relationship between Figure One and Figure Two is important, and we we, If if Figure one was the only uh graphical figure on this, it wouldn't make sense come in completely. But those two exist in in combination. And it's important because both of them carryum.
[1:15:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I'm I'm not I I don't think I thinkum I want to make my point clear. I know what you are trying to convey. Um, the point i want to make is that from the figures from the current figure, i cannot understand what you are trying to convey. So let me tell you what I'm understanding when I look at a paper, when I look at a figure instantly, what I'm understanding. First of all, I know it's a grid cell. But I don't know what is a grid cell. Is it a map or is it something? I have no idea. And there are different two districts, yellow part and blue part. Yellow for the first figure yellow part only has taxis, blue part only has people. So.
[1:16:03] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): What does that mean? I have no idea. Is this fine to okay.
[1:16:06] Robert: Now hold that thought and go look at figure two.
[1:16:09] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Okay, uh looking at figure two, looking at figure two, I know that there are a decreased number of taxis in total, right? One two three.
[1:16:18] Robert: No. So like if you look at figure two you, you get the answer of what is this grid? What does it mean? Like those those questions that you asked. I know it might not.
[1:16:27] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Be I can't I can't I cannot, uh,
[1:16:30] Robert: What from bigger one? Can you scroll to figure two, please.
[1:16:34] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): From Yeah, I'm actually looking at Figure two. Can you see it?
[1:16:37] Robert: Not on not on your screen. No.
[1:16:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Like like so so what do you mean by Figure two? You mean like the the the the next figure?
[1:16:46] Robert: The one that's literally named Figure two, yes.
[1:16:51] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Okay, so.
[1:16:56] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 2): Oh Just passed it.
[1:16:59] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): We are only looking at Figure one, When people are were looking because figure one, figure two, they are so far away from each other. And, we want to make sure that each figure is self explanatory. It's by itself. So and that's fair.
[1:17:14] Robert: And I think the the thing that might help kind of alleviate some of that is putting the this grid behind or the the city map behind the other grid.
[1:17:25] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I see. I think the Figure two would work better, The style of the Figure two would work better to replace these two smaller figures in Figure one. Because in this Figure two you have advantaged districts and disadvantaged districts. And we know disadvantaged districts are having more people less vehicle.
[1:17:48] Robert: Yeah, And that's what I mean is when you take them in combination, it makes more sense. And like I didn't come to this meeting saying that we are complete here. And, one of the like I have a whole presentation of things that I was going to bring up. And, one of them was the stylistic choice of trying to keep figure one minimalistic, as in, don't overcomplicate the figure because, the alternative is put all the all of the legend, all of the background mapping everything in figure one and figure two. Yeah, we need to do that. Okay and yes so.
[1:18:23] Robert: That's very much heard. So I will make sure that the legends and everything are duplicated on both figure two or figure one, figure two. And I think that'll go a long way of making the questions of figure one a little more obvious or a lot more obvious actually, because they're literal.
[1:18:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's yes, It's going to be way more obvious in terms of having all those neural networks and all the like tasks in terms of advantage, disadvantages regions. And also the number of vehicles and the number of taxis. And when you're showing this figure, because it's a teasing figure, it doesn't have to be realistic. You want to make sure that because we are not removing taxis or removing passengers, what we are doing is we are relocating them. So, what is really important is we want to make sure in the teasing figure, at least that the number of taxis stays the same as.
[1:19:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): The number of passengers stays the same. Okay.
[1:19:33] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yes, I think I said I think that is uh kind of, the most important thing. To do and in terms of the rest, so for the relative work we can.
[1:20:02] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): For the related work, we can shrink it into minimum of a half column. So, we can just briefly talk about what are the related approaches and talk about the differences. We can leave a complete version in the appendix. So we have more spaces to talk about what our problem looks like and what our approach looks like. Okay. And for methodology,
[1:20:33] Robert: Yeah. And a lot of the derivations and all that are moved to the methodology. One question that I was going to bring to you, if you go up to this little spot, F, the F demo. So this formulation taken in combination with how how the service ratio is defined over here, It could a reviewer could be like, hey, how do you get from here to here? Like this is kind of crazy. So what I've done is I've included this little kind of slice. Oops, I didn't get some of it in there, Which is basically it fills in that gap of like how do we get from service ratio to this crazy looking matrix representation, right? And it's the hat matrix is the idea. Which the question here is if.
[1:21:29] Robert: Because the problem is, we want to show them what the formulation is. We also don't want to confuse them. And, this a rather complicated paper, and the nature of the problem that we solved is rather complicated. And the code is not, This not like a just a one or two file kind of like a something that's going to fit in a single notebook kind of thing. It's a system. And I want I am trying to strike a balance between representing that with high fidelity, and just showing them the bare minimum of what conveys the idea. And one of those aspects is how much of this kind of derivation like content, do we show them? But the question, if if I remove this derivation context to the abstract or to excuse me, to the appendix like much of the other derivation is.
[1:22:28] Robert: I lose this, this thirteen and that reference, is the seminal work of of how how a hat matrix is defined, which I think is.
[1:22:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): It's okay.
[1:22:40] Robert: It's good. It's it's the reference to use. It's the only one you would use because there is no reason to use a later paper if somebody has perfectly defined it in nineteen seventy, Um use the seminal work if there is a seminal work is the rule I think so, the.
[1:22:57] Robert: If we remove this to the appendix, We remove the one thing that points to why this thing looks like it does, because. The reviewers aren't required to read the appendix, So I want to provide them in the body with as much as they need to understand it. And the challenge again, I keep repeating this is. Due to the complexity of the system and the problem. There is a lot of. Small things like this that add up to a very dense paper. So, that's something I'd like your opinion on.
[1:23:32] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, I think that is a good question. So, I think it's better to kind of keep ideas simple instead of using kind of very complicated way of representing it. So for the equation one, we can directly say that there is f double, That is calculated and the reason why it's calculated, and we point readers towards appendix in terms of how it's derived.
[1:24:00] Robert: Okay. So yeah. If I hear you or read a little maybe, hopefully not too deep into what you just said, maybe move all of this to the appendix? Yeah. And then just keep the one minus R square demo?
[1:24:14] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yes, exactly. And also in the text we tell people why, Why or the meaning of one minus R square demo. And why it makes it, and we just refer people point people to appendix for more information.
[1:24:34] Robert: Yes, And the the R square demo, because this, this is arguably the most important derivation in the entire paper, because this is what we're optimizing for. This is what we call fairness and how we're formulating it which is, Why I've I've left, how or what it is in there. Um, but I think it makes sense to to move this to the appendix. But as far as the explanation on what R square demo is, this paragraph and the one following it, um are I think extremely important and. The. I took great care in making sure that we motivate that properly as far as like.
[1:25:16] Robert: What does it mean for the two stage regression? How does it actually apply to our problem and all that? So.
[1:25:21] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, I think that part isum. I think one important thing, I mean, look at this one, the task. So for the probable. I think one important thing is for the problem formulation part. There's not a problem formulation. It's just a task. You can just give it kind of problem, definition or problem.
[1:25:46] Robert: Formulation. Yeah, that's I like that better.
[1:25:48] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): And then and then what the problem is, And I think one important thing that we for got to mention in the challenges part is, oh, sorry, in the introduction part is the challenges. What makes a, what makes thisum thisum, this problem challenging and those those are the challenges are also. Making existing works doesn't just, uh, doesn't doesn't doesn'tum work properly anymore. So what are the challenges?
[1:26:22] Robert: Yeah, and that I think is a very important thing to include here. And, this go back goes back to the one of your firstum comments, which was we very much just show what we didum and that would be adding the the why we did it, because this was a hard, hard, uh fought. Or hard one formulation, and I think stating the, I guess the challenges like we state that we have the discretized grid and stuff, But we do not state that getting from the discretized grid to this is what it was. I guess so depending on how much we can kind of eliminate out of there. I think will determine or out of the general length because.
[1:27:08] Robert: I think the last thing that any of us wants is a desk rejection. And going over length is, I think, just the perfect.
[1:27:17] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yes. Still, I don't think length will be a problem. For desk rejection?
[1:27:22] Robert: It's not for desk rejection. I mean, it's length is not a problem. We always have enough space to, or we always are able to compress paper within eight pages because we are having way too long related work. Okay. Yeah, and that's yeah, That's what I was alluding to earlier is if depending on how much we remove, we'll have more space for that.
[1:27:43] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, And we can, for sure, we can compress the rest of the parts of length is not a problem. I think the most important is that we want to make the tale of story in a reasonable way. Complete the story. That isum most important thing. So don't worry at all about about length. We can shrink it within eight pages anyways.
[1:28:03] Robert: So I've I've worried at great lengths about uh the length issue.
[1:28:07] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): That is the least important thing. The length is the least important thing. We can always uh shrink it within a within uh eight pages, so that isn't a problem at all.
[1:28:17] Robert: But shrinking it losslessly is is the challenge. We can shrink it with loss, we can of course remove stuff, but if you want to retain the argument, that's it's not straightforward to do that.
[1:28:28] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So I think the most important thing, If you are if you are viewing the problem, like like like compressing losslessly is the most challenging part. Is it that it means that, you're including too much detail about the message in the paper.
[1:28:44] Robert: But that too much detail is one of the then.
[1:28:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It doesn't necessarily mean because what we want to do is.
[1:28:49] Robert: Is the nature of the problem? Is it's not a nature.
[1:28:52] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's a nature of one problem. It's not the nature of a lot of problems. So what we what we want to do is, We don't want to design one approach specifically for this taxi driver data. Instead, we want to build an approach that can be used by all similar problems. When our data has been changed to, let's say, transit logs, has been changed to logistics data, this same approach would still work. So we are targeting a lot of different applications.
[1:29:27] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So in that way, when we are writing our methodology, We don't need to like write in the detail about like we are partitioning the map into uh like zero point zero one degree um um grid cells. Those are some implementation details that could be Pushed into the appendix. What, we want to do is we are looking at a kind of a city. Where we're looking, the city can be modeled as a kind of a state space. Like in that space, based the state are defined as spatial temporal grid cells. So if you look at my SIGGRAPH paper.
[1:30:18] Robert: This is verbatim from what the SIGGRAPH paper says. The discretized into 0. 01 degree.
[1:30:24] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yes, yes, it is. It is an implementation. So this is an implementation detail that doesn't need to go within methodology.
[1:30:34] Robert: Okay, so I mean, what I mean by verbatim, so in SIGGRAPH the problem formulation states this particular formulation in the methodology, So, I mean, I am happy to move that there, but like the. I think as far as. General are actually not in generalizability so. Striking, a balance between generalizing the problem and motivating our formulation of it is going to be a challenge there because one of the core challenges is the representation of the data.
[1:31:16] Robert: Impacts the the formulation in such a way that if we were to just discretize the grid in any other way, our formulation would change. So if we don't have that formulation, I think that or at least the discretized grid, We could ditch the zero point zero one quite easily because that's a configuration like thing.
[1:31:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So this is a SIGGRAPH paper.
[1:31:50] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 2): And this is a specific, this is a specific data set description because it's for the specific, uh, Uh for the specific problem and for GPS or for GPS data. And those let me see.
[1:32:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So methodology is only talking about the approaches. And over here we're having our view section. Our view section, One way of writing, it is having a brief description about what the data looks like and the problem formulation, where within problem definition, we want to define several things we want to, we are going to use. Like the trajectories, the reward functions. Sometimes we also define state or actions because it's kind of reinforcement learning thing. Let me see.
[1:33:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Do we have enough Like kind of.
[1:34:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So, You think this is a kind of the correct way of kind of writing the paper, right. Like including all those implementation details when we are having limited data.
[1:34:35] Robert: I think this because this is a, I mean, A generalized explanation of how we've prepared our data or how we've formulated it or how the problem is formulated. Because So.
[1:34:53] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think the question is.
[1:34:57] Robert: So I think for.
[1:34:58] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): The San Francisco data, you are using the same way of of partition data.
[1:35:04] Robert: Everything is the same. Um. And that's stated pretty clearly at the in that section.
[1:35:14] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's like if that is clear just leave it as as clear I I don't have hmm.
[1:35:25] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Any more things to add and.
[1:35:55] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 2): Yeah.
[1:36:29] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I don't think I don't think I have any more comments that I want to add about the, how to how to. Edit the paper in a way that is uh. More. That is better, but I think, you can just think about what are the challenges. And um and try to write or refine the methodology part against the challenges instead of um. Directly telling. What we do because there is a difference about kind of a tech report versus a paper because when it's paper, It has to be problem driven, and it has to be kind of telling people you are designing this approach because different reasons. I think that is the most important part. And also make sure that you don't include duplicate.
[1:37:28] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Information. Because, if you if you define it in the problem, formulation means that your approach only works when the data, you want to create the map into 0. 01 degree grid cells, and you want to make sure that those information doesn't appear in your experimental setup.
[1:37:54] Robert: Oh yeah. Um, And the only things or the only like, duplications of course that I know about um, are, kind of restatements between the introduction or related works and our approach. Um. I could find you an example if you want, but I don't know if I'd. You probably get what I mean where we state that? Hey, this is the problem. And then kind of. Uh, segueing in when we get to the methodology and the experiments, You say this was what our thing was and or this was what the problem we stated was, And here is our solution to it or the details of, you know whatever it is. So, there are some things that are duplicated but strategically duplicated, so it jars the memory of the reader.
[1:39:19] Robert: And if you want, so you don't have to go through all the nitty gritty trouble, you can just type me, send me an email. Or I have all these I'll have detailed notes of our conversation today. But if you come up with anything, You can just send it to me and I'll make sure it gets in there. Um.
[1:39:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah Laura is this uh, I think it's your work. You, can you have like full control and then full control over how you want it to be presented, and um. I think is, It's okay. So a couple of I think the most important suggestions that I will give is, Um. Highlight what are the challenges. And trying to optimize your methodology against your challenges. And use this, your space wisely. Some formatting issues like those are the blanks you want to avoid, those type of things. And some minor things and yeah, I think um.
[1:40:30] Robert: Okay. So yeah, and because this is I didn't really manipulate template at all. Um. But like if you're familiar with it being okay to pull bullets in and tighten that up, I'm going to do it because that's extra space and I'm looking for every opportunity. Um.
[1:40:49] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): And also. Yeah.
[1:40:54] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Did you use fidelity term or realism term throughout this paper? You are using realism, right?
[1:41:01] Robert: Uh, fidelity is uh uh defined like that's our technical um.
[1:41:08] Robert: I guess definition for how we define realism. So,
[1:41:15] Robert: So realism is the is realistic data. Um, so is the data that you've generated realistic? Because we're dealing with human data or human behavior data. So if it's not realistic human human behavior or looking like realistic human behavior, it's unrealistic or not realistic.
[1:41:42] Robert: But that. And so if and the thing that I'm I'm taking very strongly is,
[1:41:47] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Is if you are using realism, make it a of realism instead of of fidelity. But I wouldn't recommend using realism because realism usually means other things instead of fidelity.
[1:41:59] Robert: So and that's from the literature is the word realism. And our like what literature?
[1:42:05] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I really doubt because you are kind of telling me information that is like changing what changing my. My view for for this domain.
[1:42:14] Robert: Yeah, so okay, let me see if I can find it for you. It's gonna be a long shot, but we'll see if the search works. And some of the like because in in your last or your the email you sent me last weekend as far as your feedback, one of the things was, Make sure that all of the language we use is backed by the literature. Um, And I've done like one of the the ways that I leverage AI is I define rules that the AI basically has to follow. And um, That's one of the more effective ways that I've found to keep it kind of contained. And that realism is or not realism, D uh.
[1:43:07] Robert: Using industry terminology or field terminology, domain is one of the things that I've defined and done. Or and several editing passes have worked through that too. But let me get the citation from that realism.
[1:43:36] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So I think I myself is kind of battling myself because I know how the KDD community usually read papers, and then I think it's going to be difficult to kind of to work if we are submitting in the current way. And so I'm defeating myself, so whether to kind of rewrite. A more kind of style paper instead of or like keeping kind your original writing and see how reviewers looks like like it. So, what is your idea?
[1:44:15] Robert: My preference would be because you have experience with them. If you already know, I think we should go for what we know that that would make me sleep better. Holy cow! Like and if you have like even just raw suggestions on like, They're not going to like this or it's not like that. Like I am absolutely cool with modifying it, but and it's just one of the things that has driven the style is. Like I want to be very sure that all of our claims are motivated properly and backed up, and that the compression of making sure that all of those.
[1:44:56] Robert: Claims are present in the paper while staying within the length limit. That's been tough, And we're kind of at a or I am at a point where that compression has hit like a limit. And, we can remove some of the shoring up that I've done because like there are things that possibly could get like picked out, but they open up a potential reviewer complaint. And I've kind of, It doesn't necessarily.
[1:45:28] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think the most important thing is trying to find what is uh skeleton or the most important part of the approach.
[1:45:36] Robert: And yeah, and one of the key things I am taking away from this conversation is, the introduction. If you've been working on this project for like last year right, so if you haven't been convinced by the introduction, no one else will be. And that that.
[1:45:55] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): I think one important thing, the reason, So the way of writing, kind of a paper or the sequence of writing a paper is always, you write it first, and you ask GPT to refine it. Oh yes. Problem, The problem with asking GPT to write it first, and then you refine it will be very, very, very subtle in the way. Where because GPT is usually gonna use very general language that is not kind of very easily understandable by domain experts. So for example, Rebalancing models may be meaning like you are rebalancing data in a way or rebalancing model architecture or hyperparameters in a way.
[1:46:49] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): But it's not it's by itself clear what you are actually rebalancing. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, if it's rebalancing, it's a different story. It's more specific. So large language models usually use this general language, Those general terms that makes people feel confused and don't understand what you want to convey because they are not specific enough. It's usually making people feel kind of um Very very lost. And also, for example, the sentence about data generation and the data rebalancing methods instead alter the demonstrations, but this can reduce realism. And I must me myself I'm not familiar with people using realism instead of kind of.
[1:47:46] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Fidelity in terms of trajectory generation shift the distribution and obscures a source of unfairness gain. I don't understand why data generation is going to shift the distribution, shift what distribution? Score.
[1:48:03] Robert: And contextually there, the only distribution is is the dataset.
[1:48:08] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, so if that's a sense, why data generation is going to shifts the distribution? Are you talking about mode collapse?
[1:48:18] Robert: So and those things like that, we it while it might not say the specific term, the by extension we can narrow.
[1:48:31] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So that is tension. I think I think that's a start problem. That that is that extension. People have different understanding about the extension, that is making people feel confused and lost. And,
[1:48:44] Robert: But the more I mean not to just because we're talking in generalities here, and we really should be talking about specific sentences, but like, the. One thing we lose in being specific is generalizability. So the more specific we may make the claim, the more narrowed the argument is. And while it it rings truer to the reader, it we, Kind of distance ourselves from the general problem we're solving. So, like there's it's it's a very complex balance and with this language in particular.
[1:49:18] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's not a complex balance, But it seems in terms of I think it's application driven because it's a research. We want to make sure that when we're comparing with related work, We want to make sure that what line of work we're talking about instead of using. Like obscure languages that seems to to point to one class of of works, it might also be pointing at another like line of approaches. So I think that is a part that is making.
[1:49:56] Robert: Yeah, and I'll make i'll kind of like rework the intro to to more clearly. Like state these things, Because I think that the only thing we've really gone into specifics on and there are way more topics throughout the paper that need this kind of attention. Yes, so I think as simple fix on the realism thing is just use fidelity, But the problem with using fidelity in the context of the introduction is they we define fidelity in our paper as it has a specific meaning.
[1:50:33] Robert: And in the introduction, it's a general meaning we're trying to apply it to other works. So there is a tension there.
[1:50:40] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Fidelity is a general meaning. It is,
[1:50:43] Robert: But it's two things. It's general in the domain, but it's also specific. So what we say in that like to be more specific about this, In our paper, fidelity means the ST-SiameseNet discriminator that we use to measure how similar.
[1:51:04] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Driver, So fidelity score is not fidelity.
[1:51:07] Robert: So okay, and we use that for the fidelity score. But in our experimental results, fidelity is defined. We actually have fidelity A and fidelity B. Fidelity A being the discriminator that we're familiar with, fidelity B being a distributional similarity. So that specificity in the introduction kind of says that we're, Claiming in the introduction that these other works comply with our definition of fidelity. So realism in terms of, Keeping things general. So we're not saying these other works, define it in the same way, But this is assuming that a reader is going to be this critical about it and they might not. And it might be more valuable for us to lean on people being more familiar with fidelity, and instead.
[1:52:01] Robert: Take the risk of them, or maybe think that they're not going to go to the depth of saying that, okay, they absolutely mean fidelity here by how they define it later in the paper, you know,
[1:52:14] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, anyways, if for so in general, suggestions make a more so general suggestion is abstract introduction shrink the size of um so proposal approach description. Target the challenges and describe how those approaches solve those challenges. Yes. Yeah,
[1:52:38] Robert: And why we chose the formulation based on the challenges and all that stuff.
[1:52:42] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Uh-huh, yes. Okay, if I have time, I'm gonna rewrite a version, And it's up to you whether you want to use the written version or not.
[1:52:51] Robert: Oh absolutely, and I'm totally cool with taking your input. And, you have the thing like the I, think one of the most valuableum. Like ways that you contribute is previous experience and knowledge of how these reviewers work because I don't want to just write a paper that makes me feel good. I want to write a paper that gets accepted by the people that are going to be reading it, you know. So, it's just the. The one thing that I would try to stand firm on is is that, the, The way that it's written right now is intentional in in the uh way that we.
[1:53:28] Robert: Cover all of our bases, but that doesn't mean it's the only solution for that. So and clarity is going to be more or it's going to take precedence over um that uh I guess thoroughness, because if they're confused there, it doesn't matter how thorough you are. They don't understand it, you know. So there's that okay,
[1:53:51] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah I think. Sounds good. And if you have any questions, feel free to email me. And I'll also email you if there are any questions. And I think the deadline is this Sunday, right? So hopefully we can finish one word before that.
[1:54:10] Robert: And yeah, oh yeah, we will for sure. Um, so and from what I saw when I submitted the abstract, the abstract was actually extended a day to Monday and Is that extended?
[1:54:22] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's uh it's it's the same. It's uh, it just anywhere on earth means that we are using the Hawaiian time.
[1:54:31] Robert: Okay, yeah, and that ho- it was on Monday. Is that they said Monday morning? It was eleven fifty nine p.m. specifically. Really?
[1:54:41] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Because I checked on the website doesn't seem to show that.
[1:54:44] Robert: Ah unless I misread itum, which is possible I'm a human being, but let me take another look here. But I'm not. I would prefer to get it done Sunday by. I'm not saying let's wait until Monday because, um, it will turn out that something goes wrong. Um and as a great example of it the, um. The, It took me longer to submit the abstract than I even had any idea. It would so.
[1:55:15] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Is the paper deadline July twenty sixth? So I think it says it's just coming Sunday, right?
[1:55:22] Robert: So okay, where I read it was in the open review page.
[1:55:27] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Our open review is is showing local time.
[1:55:32] Robert: So and that would mean local time that our time would be Monday. Oh here it is. So submission okay July's.
[1:55:48] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): Okay. Yeah, so I guess that was five. And I did misread,
[1:55:52] Robert: So it's eleven fifty nine a.m.. Yes. So Monday morning, July twenty seventh at eleven fifty nine is is what the open review says, but I think. I don't like deadlines freak me out, and i it freaks. It scares me to try to submit things at the last minute. So Sunday's what i've committed to in my mind. Um, and there is kind of a couple little housekeeping things. Um, we've talked about much of the, the kind of details um that I wanted to ask you about. There is a couple things that are still on my like kind of to do list. Um, But as far as the one thing I need to ask you about because you are familiar with the individual, I am going to butcher the name. I apologize. Apologize to her doctor.
[1:56:47] Robert: Yan Hua Li, I hope I got that right. So data came from her. So, the we will need to provide a data availability and licensing statement with our data. Do, we need permission from her to do this? Or is it just freely shareable?
[1:57:06] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, is we don't release the raw data, we only release some.
[1:57:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Anonymous data, so we don't need to release the data for now. We just give people kind of um GitHub link, linking to yeah. So that tees up.
[1:57:24] Robert: The next thing is one thing that like I like to do in my research work is make things reproducible, and I've put together literally uh it's a uh document here. Let me I'll share my screen and, I'll show you what I mean. Um, that's my email. It's probably not going to help you out here. Oh, that's the. Well, that was. I got tricked. I tried dragging a window and it was not the window I wanted here. This is the one. Okay, I got about 3000 windows up right now. So it looks kind of long right now but you can get the idea.
[1:58:10] Robert: So, Instead of forcing a reviewer or somebody that wants to replicate the process to figure it out themselves, We have this that provides a way to basically replicate every single claim that we make in the paper. So everything will have a record of where it comes from in our data or in our repository. And then.
[1:58:38] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): So since we are like already over time, I need to meet with Manuel. Can we like leave this after the submission deadline?
[1:58:46] Robert: Uh, probably. Um, But it affects the one thing that is is related to our submission. And that's the um and sorry.
[1:58:53] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Is that is okay? It's not important as long as we kind of leave kind of a link to one anonymous GitHub.
[1:59:05] Robert: Yes, and everything.
[1:59:06] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): That is okay. It's okay to GitHub is empty for now.
[1:59:08] Robert: Okay, And this question is, can we say that hey, the data's availability, if we don't own the data? But if we if it's shareable academic data Yeah,
[1:59:17] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): It's it's available. We can just say that we share our code via a GitHub link. So that is okay. We don't need to say too much about the data or anything, and we don't need to release the data for now.
[1:59:29] Robert: So that it's it's okay. I don't mean to hold you up anymore. But like the. As As far as the um submission goes, I think artifact pledge. That artifact pledge implies that the data and code are available.
[1:59:48] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Yeah, it's okay.
[1:59:49] Robert: Okay, sweet. Yeah. Cool. All right. Thanks for all your time.
[1:59:54] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Thank you Thank you, everyone,
[1:59:55] Robert: Yeah. And uh, let me know if you're if you plan to do the or work on the introduction because I don't want to like roll over your work. And all that.
[2:00:03] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 4): Um. And ours, I'm gonna create a new text file, so no worries about that.
[2:00:06] Robert: Cool. Yeah, I look forward to it. That'd be good because I want this thing to work. So whatever I whatever help you can offer, I'm taking it.
[2:00:12] Dr. Xin Zhang (Speaker 1): So thanks. Okay Thank you Bye.
[2:00:14] Robert: Have a good day See you You too.
